He was hiding in his eyes, showing his guilty conscience.
The bomb was in his box.
Dad, who are you waving to?
The person working in front is my father’s student. Dad, why don’t you go and say hello?
Teacher Cheng,
The bomb is in that box. That person is very nervous,
And he is unwilling to open the box, so he must be a cheater.
What to do now?
Don't be impulsive, just in case it's like last time,
It would be troublesome if he detonated it directly. I went to find the driver to brush the car.
Sit tight in your seat, the car is not safe either.
Note: Brother, someone put a bomb in the car, right?
What nonsense are you talking about?
It's simply impossible
Don't speak so loudly
I saw him with my own eyes
Just under the luggage
Passenger wearing the back
The guy from his black leather trade put it there
Brother Notes is real
There really is a bomb
It's true
Why did I lie to you?
Something really happened. Everyone is too late.
Then what do you mean?
You stop the car first
Let's go to the suitcase
Find the bomb
I'm worried about doing it directly
He will set off a bomb